[Grid] Improve Grid2 upgrade experience (#45304)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/grid/grid.md

:::

:::warning

> The `Grid` component has been deprecated. Please use [Grid v2](/material-ui/react-grid2/) instead. See how to migrate in the [Grid v2 migration guide](/material-ui/migration/upgrade-to-grid-v2/) and [Material UI v6 upgrade guide](/material-ui/migration/upgrade-to-v6/).

Author: Removed the v6 guide mention

```suggestion
The Grid component has been deprecated. 
Please use [Grid2](/material-ui/react-grid2/) instead. 
See the [Grid2 upgrade guide](/material-ui/migration/upgrade-to-grid-v2/) for more details.
```
